[Applause]
watch the debate earlier tonight here on
ABC have forgot to turn the television
off thank you for joining us you know
tonight we watched the third democratic
debate this time from Houston Texas it
was exciting you know watching the
candidates tackle these issues is as
close as we get to having Football on
ABC anymore reminds me in the old days
the Democrats whittled it down to ten
candidates tonight all of whom tried to
stand out and avoid being eliminated
under extreme time pressure in a
televised event that it was in no way at
all like a game show this is democracy
it's very serious now let's put 45
seconds on the clock and go and this is
a large cast of characters too so to
help viewers keep track of who was who
ABC News did something creative to start
the program
and we got decisions to make with so
many people to choose from
you don't wanna make
we can only say dancer breaks
[Music]
it is weird that they put ten candidates
on on the stage I would here's I put the
four frontrunners at the center of the
stage I'd make the other six dangle off
the edge by their fingertips throughout
the baby mayor Pete Pete Buda judge was
up way past his bedtime tonight he I
don't know if he already ran into some
trouble this afternoon he almost didn't
make it to the debate you can see he got
stuck in the claw machine at the Dave &
Buster's at the Baybrook Mall so but it
his mother was able to fetch him out the
moderator should I were George
Stephanopoulos David mirror and Lindsey
Davis from ABC with Jorge Ramos from
Univision they hit the candidates with
all the tough questions like if elected
how do we know you won't lie about
everything all the time and draw on
weather maps with a sharpie and they
answered those questions well you can
even you know you could bet on the
events of the debate these are what they
call prop bets they're from a betting
website you could bet will Joe Biden
have a gaff that trends on Twitter that
was plus 200 s means you'd bet $100 you
get 200 if it was yes and you bet you'd
bet 300 104 no the answer was no how
many times will Joe Biden mention Obama
over-under one and a half times that
went over it was two times Donald Trump
will tweet during the debate well over
five and a half or under it was under
believe it or not he was busy we'll bet
oh well Roarke speaks Spanish during the
debate he did will Joe Biden choke on
his teeth during the debate yes he
actually did Joe Biden did he did well
tonight he was facing the right
direction his pants were on it was a
it was a good outing for him you know
there were three women on stage and of
course if any of these women are elected
it would be historic and if if Bernie or
Biden were to win it would be
prehistoric Bernie was very Bernie
tonight he came right out of the gate
yelling his voice was crazy it sounded
like he swallowed a frog he was
screaming louder than Cam Newton at the
line of scrimmage it was like Bernie
made a strong argument tonight for
giving every American access to
affordable throat lozenges and a lot of
people think Bernie's too old to be
President and he didn't do much to make
people feel better about that tonight
in the United States of America we are
spending twice as much per capita on
health care as the Canadians or any
other major country on Earth
he had his turn signal on for an hour
and a half
this is the first debate where Jill
Biden and Elizabeth Warren were on stage
together you know they've been described
as frenemies and so weird situation
because Elizabeth Warren is the
candidate most Democrats say they like
to vote for but the majority of
Democrats think Joe Biden is the guy the
country would vote for but I don't know
I don't think it's a great idea to try
to guess what other people want that's
how you wind up eating at Golden Corral
I thought you wanted to come here most
of what has the Democrats worried is
after Hillary will another female
candidate be able to beat Donald Trump
is it too risky I actually think a woman
has a better chance against Trump
especially in a debate women are much
better at handling babies than men it's
just a biological fact some of the
outliers made waves tonight most notably
the businessman Andrew Yang who is an
interesting guy yesterday his campaign
manager said he'd be doing something no
presidential candidate has ever done
before which isn't exciting to hear
because they could be it could be so
many things I don't maybe he was
planning to eat at iPod on camera or
ride in on an ostrich who knows but
Andrew Yang did none of those things
instead he gave away cash I'm going to
do something unprecedented tonight my
campaign will now give a freedom
dividend of $1,000 a month for an entire
year to ten American families someone
watching this at home right now if you
believe that
a month will help you do just that like
a radio station condo $1000 Thursday
that might be the most ridiculous
proposal I've ever seen on this network
and I've watched every episode of The
Bachelorette
that wasn't the only trick I had
obviously he also had some fun when he
took the stage tonight Andrew yeah
I'd like to see Joe Biden do that some
of the candidates went after Joe Biden
like like he was a some kind of deadbeat
dad on the Maury Povich Show Julian
Castro in particular it was almost elder
abuse there was one moment when Castro
lashed out a Biden for forgetting
something which he didn't forget by the
way and Bernie appeared to lean over and
help Joe out it was kind of endearing
made me hopeful for a reboot of grumpy
old men better O'Rourke had a strong
night probably not strong enough but
he's bitter to me looks like the high
school history teacher you know has weed
in his desk he took a big swing to try
to win the african-american vote he
called Donald Trump a white supremacist
he announced a plan to introduce a
reparations bill and he promised a new
Madea movie by the end of the year so
Cory Booker was the only unmarried
candidate in the debate tonight and that
would be intra a single president would
be something see him on tinder can't
swipe right on a Democrat you have to
swipe left on him right although he is
in a serious relationship he's dating
rosario dawson the actress but even
though they lived together a lot of the
time until three days ago she hadn't
officially endorsed him which is I mean
how many dishes must this guy leave in
the sink overall though I thought it was
I thought it was a good debate I thought
ABC News did a great job I don't know
who won the debate but watching
candidates discuss the issues
intelligently using real facts I'd
forgotten what what it was like it was
like walking out of North Korea and into
a Costco it was that same
President Trump told reporters he would
not watch the debate live tonight said
he was going to tape it and watch it
later as a rerun this is what he was
doing during the debate the light bulb
people said what's with the light bulb I
said to his sister and I looked at it
the bulb that were being forced to use
number one to me most importantly the
lights no good I always look orange so
light bulb that makes you look hard also
entertain the gang of the Institute with
a routine about sleepy Joe Biden and
Chinese President Xi which are so good
we had no choice but to slow it down for
tonight's edition of drunk Donald Trump
[Music]
so in between his stand-up gigs the
president is still figure out who's
gonna replace his national security
adviser there are reports today that
Trump was thinking to giving the job to
his Secretary of State Mike Pompeo who
would then have two jobs to be fired
from in three months which would be
unusual but not unprecedented there was
one other Secretary of State who also
acted as national security adviser Henry
Kissinger which would make sense for
Trump because nobody kissinger's is
asked like Mike Pompeo Kissinger served
under Richard Nixon and of course
everything worked out great for him so
Trump taught about this but that option
doesn't seem likely now this afternoon
Trump made it clear that he has many
options to fill this most recent hole a
lot of people want the job and we it's a
great job it's great because it's a lot
of fun to work with Donald Trump and
it's very easy actually to work with it
you know why it's easy because I make
all the decisions that I have to work it
sounds like a terrific working
environment he makes all the decisions
whether they be original recipe or extra
crispy the decisions you know all the
horrible things he's been trying to do
there's one subject on which the
president has been crystal clear and
that is this I'm an environmentalist I
want crystal clean water
I want crystal cleaned water we're gonna
have crystal clean water clean beautiful
crystal water clean crystal clean water
we want clean water crystal clean
beautiful crystal water nice beautiful
clean water so what did they announce
today they're rolling back Obama's Clean
Water Act which limits the amount of
chemicals businesses can put in our
water
how does it work they do just wake up
and go well what horrible thing can we
do today I know let's poison the water
Trump is now rollback protection of the
water air endangered species and public
land all he cares about is rolling bag
whatever Obama did I'm surprised he
hasn't ordered Sasha and Malia back into
the womb
right here mo right yes right Jimmy I
mentioned last night that since the
debate was live on ABC which is a
network on a prime-time the candidates
were warned by ABC News and the DNC not
to use foul language because if there's
one thing we've learned it's that voters
will not tolerate a president who uses
foul language but with that said it's
time now for a special debate edition of
this week in unnecessary censorship last
year Democrats 40 Republican in the
House nurses I've met people who are
pharmacists I like met people they're
physical therapists you've got to talk
about the working class issues the
people that take after work who haven't
had a raise in 30 years this is about
candor honesty big what's happened in
one of my first debates Jake I was
called a from the Iron Range by my
opponent when she said it I said do you
that's what I want to do for you as
president of the United States and I
know how to win
I find Giants and I beat them so I and
if you want to compare and frankly I'm
shocked that you do I am happy to do
that
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and I am not allowed
to eat this cookie until you click the
subscribe button so please click now I'm
hungry